.TH k2htpdtorsvr "1" "February 2015" "k2htpdtorsvr" "K2HASH TRANSACTION"
.SH NAME
k2htpdtorsvr \- receiver server process for K2HASH TRANSACTION PLUGIN k2htpdtor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fB2htpdtorsvr
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP 2
k2htpdtorsvr is a receiver for k2htpdtor K2HASH TRANSACTION PLUGIN. This program is expanding the receive data from k2htpdtor plugin through chmpx. This makes local k2hash file and writes/deletes keys/subkeys/values which is received from chmpx server side process.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
display help
.TP
\fB\-ver\fR
display version
.TP
\fB\-conf\fR [file path]
specify configuration file(.ini .yaml .json).
.TP
\fB\-json\fR [file path]
specify configuration json string.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR [ERR | WAN | INFO | DUMP]
specify debugging level, chmpxbench displays debugging message for itself.
.TP
\fB\-dl\fR
specify sending message data length by byte. default value and minimum value are 64 bytes.
.br
.SH CONFIGURATION
.TP 0
The configuration is formatted "INI" or YAML or JSON file, and you can use JSON string.
.TP 2
Following keys in configuration:
.IP K2HTPDTORSVR([K2HTPDTORSVR]) 20
This program configuration section.
.br
.BR
.br
.IP OUTPUTFILE 20
output file path
.IP PLUGIN 20
plugin program which is called by this program at each receiving transaction data.
.IP K2HTYPE 20
k2hash type when using k2hash. you can specify MEMORY(MEM, M) or FILE(F) or TEMPORARY(TEMP, T).
.IP K2HFILE 20
k2hash file path when using k2hash file type.
.IP K2HFULLMAP 20
full mapping mode for k2hash mode when using k2hash
.IP K2HINIT 20
flag for initializing k2hash at starting when using k2hash
.IP K2HMASKBIT 20
initial mask bit count for k2hash when using k2hash
.IP K2HCMASKBIT 20
initial cmask bit count for k2hash when using k2hash
.IP K2HMAXELE 20
initial element count for k2hash when using k2hash
.IP K2HPAGESIZE 20
initial page size for k2hash when using k2hash
.IP K2HDTORSVR_TRANS 20
if relay transaction, specify transaction chmpx configuration.
.IP DTORTHREADCNT 20
if relay transaction, specify transaction thread count to setting k2hash.
.br
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 2
This program use some environments automatically, please take care these environments.
.IP DTORSVRCONFFILE 20
specify configuration file by environment, this program uses this value when configuration file is not specified in command line.
.IP DTORSVRJSONCONF 20
specify configuration json string by environment, chmpx uses this value when configuration json string is not specified in command line.
.SH NOTES
.TP
K2HASH is NoSQL(key value store) library and tools for this library by Yahoo! JAPAN. K2HASH is following specifications.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
k2hash(1) chmpx(1) fullock(3) k2htpdtor(3)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and committer.
.SH AUTHOR
k2htpdtorsvr has been written by Takeshi Nakatani.
